okay so we just learned the slapping and
popping style and we just been
alternating slap pop slap pop right this
structure with our hands finger
underneath looped trying to make our
lines like staccato as opposed to legato
ok now let's try to create some patterns
this is just you know this isn't the
reason that this we've created it's
supposed to be a rhythmic function this
is a very popular on one-and-two
one-and-two one-and-two and one and two
slap slap slap slap Slap Chop slap okay
all right now let's apply that to some
vintage this is a funk line that you
might have heard before but it's a very
popular way of slapping and popping okay
so we're gonna go slap Slap Chop slap
slap Slap Chop slap just once and then
Bob Bob I'm going to G splat splat pop
slap slap up
okay now try speeding that up here's
what the metronome how it sound like one
two three four slap Slap Chop slap pop
pop pop pop flops laptops laptop now you
might have to switch from that then
popping and slapping to regular plucking
so be always ready to change remember
when you're popping and slapping your
hand is like this basically going along
the neck but moving you have to move it
back up to pluck so try not to alternate
them too much until you get used to it